Description:
1. Write a program that reads two integer numbers from the same line and prints their sum in the standard output. Numbers can be positive, negative, or zero.
2. If a user enters only a single number, the program should print the same number. If a user enters an empty line, the program should ignore it.
When the command /exit is entered, the program must print "Bye!" (without quotes), and then stop.
3. Add to the calculator the ability to read an unlimited sequence of numbers. Add a /help command to print some information about the program. If you encounter an empty line, do not output anything.
4. The program must calculate expressions like these: 4 + 6 - 8, 2 - 3 - 4, and so on.
5. The program should print Invalid expression in cases when the given expression has an invalid format. If a user enters an invalid command, the program must print Unknown command. All messages must be printed without quotes. The program must never throw an exception.
To handle incorrect input, you should remember that the user input that starts with / is a command, in other situations, it is an expression.
6. We suppose that the name of a variable (identifier) can contain only Latin letters. A variable can have a name consisting of more than one letter. The case is also important; for example, n is not the same as N. The value can be an integer number or a value of another variable. It should be possible to set a new value to an existing variable. To print the value of a variable you should just type its name.
7. Your program should support multiplication *, integer division / and parentheses (...). To do this, use infix to postfix conversion algorithm above and then calculate the result using stack. Note that a sequence of + (like +++ or +++++) is an admissible operator that should be interpreted as a single plus. A sequence of - (like -- or ---) is also an admissible operator and its meaning depends on the length. If a user enters a sequence of * or /, the program must print a message that the expression is invalid.